Update Troubleshooting.md to add ES_MEM_LIMIT info (#125)
humanmade/altis-local-server: docs/elasticsearch.md

```
curl -XGET http://0.0.0.0:32871
```

## Configuration updates when using ElasticSearch on Local Environment

ElasticSearch uses more memory within the local server environment, which can also cause services to stop working,n particularly when using Ubuntu. Altis includes an environment variable which can change the default memory limit for ElasticSearch called `ES_MEM_LIMIT`. 

Using this variable with the `composer server start` command, users can update the memory limit for the current session only; it won't change the variable permenantly. An example might be: 

> `ES_MEM_LIMIT=2g composer server start`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

```
curl -XGET http://0.0.0.0:32871
```

> ## Configuration updates when using ElasticSearch on Local Environment

Reviewer: Sorry I must've made an error on the issue, the issue isn't to do with the local environment but rather continuous integration environments like Travis and CircleCI and Ubuntu operating systems.

The purpose of this section is just to document the environment variable so can you make the title:
```suggestion
## ElasticSearch Memory Limit
```

Author: This was my error - I had in my notes it was for the continuous integration environments but when I rewrote I used a section just below that, basically cutting it from the notes. Sorry about that.

Reviewer: With the suggestions you can commit them from the UI directly here - looks like you marked it resolved before doing that :)

> ElasticSearch uses more memory within the local server environment, which can also cause services to stop working,n particularly when using Ubuntu. Altis includes an environment variable which can change the default memory limit for ElasticSearch called `ES_MEM_LIMIT`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ElasticSearch requires more memory on certain operating systems such as Ubuntu or in Continuous Integration services. When ElasticSearch does not have enough memory it can cause other services to stop working. The Local Server supports an environment variable which can change the default memory limit for ElasticSearch called `ES_MEM_LIMIT`. 
```

Author: instead of "in Continuous Integration services" I think it should be "when using ..." as it's not actually "in" those services but using or utilizing them.

Reviewer: @katmoody yep - I think I used that term as we'd be running elasticsearch within the server that the CI service gives us but you're right. You can edit my suggestion here then commit it

> ### Change variable during current session only

Reviewer: I think we can drop this heading, it's a short section and without the last section a bit unnecessary I think.

> Using this variable with the `composer server start` command, users can update the memory limit for the current session only; it won't change the variable permenantly. An example might be: 

Reviewer: We're addressing the individual here, they're reading the docs to find out how to do something so it's a bit odd to read "users can update". This is something the reader needs to do.

Author: So maybe instead
```Update the memory limit for the current session only by using this variable with the `composer server start` command; it won't change the variable permanently. For example: ```

> Using this variable with the `composer server start` command, users can update the memory limit for the current session only; it won't change the variable permenantly. An example might be: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can set the `ES_MEM_LIMIT` variable in 2 ways:

- Set it globally eg: `export ES_MEM_LIMIT=2g`
- Set it for the local server process only: `ES_MEM_LIMIT=2g composer server start`
```

`ES_MEM_LIMIT=2g composer server start`

### Change variable permanently

> Users can also define that environment variable on the container's config file if they wanted a permanent fix. For instance, editing or adding the variable to the "environment" section of the [/docker-compose.yml](https://github.com/humanmade/altis-local-server/blob/master/docker/docker-compose.yml) Altis Local Server setup.

Reviewer: We definitely don't want to recommend editing any core files so you can remove this bit :)
